[Music]
hey guys I'm great go ahead goal
category GM for bout Rocky
hey I'm Henry Breslin Gold product
manager for Volvo hockey and today we're
gonna talk about the new supreme line so
Greg you're a butterfly goalie tell us
about some of the features in the
supreme pad that help maximize a
butterfly in coverage well first of all
the actual construction the Pat the Pat
construction is made very very square
we're gonna get square coverage along
the top square coverage on the inside
and outside of the Pat in fact the pads
of flat-faced pads actually going to
help goalies control the rebounds I
actually give a larger rebound to be
able to recover in the position after
the shot is taken the fact that the roll
is actually triangular on the outside
also enlarged is the face the pad is
built on legal dimensions but by having
a triangular roll in the outside it
actually widens the face and creates a
larger surface for coverage the goal for
the butterfly goalies to get maximum
coverage when the butterfly position in
this case here you'll notice that the
pad is perfect I see along the ice which
is allows for the puck to stay in front
of the goalie and knock squeak through
anywhere underneath the pad in the
butterfly stance you're also going to
see perfect coverage in a five-fold
position no areas for that puck to
squeak through the five hole even if the
goalie doesn't get in perfect butterfly
in position the knee lips will come in
the center close together and provide
that extra coverage that plug the stay
in front so even in full movement as the
pad slides across the crease that pad
will always get full ice seal along the
ice so nowhere is for that puck to slip
through and get through the goalie to
enhance the ice see along the ice you'll
notice that the inside of the pad is
also designed to be very very flat the
inside CAF wing and upper knee lifts are
designed to be flats but get a perfect
seal along the ice will also notice the
coverage and protection we get around
the knee area we're gonna get some extra
support in the lower calf and extra
support in the upper knee what this will
do is provide extra protection to the
goalie but also extra support when they
go down the butterfly the idea is that
we want the goaltender to be as high as
possible in his stance but the same time
get the cushion and protection that they
need around the knee area so down in the
butterfly position you'll also notice
that the ankle and the knee on our
perfect even playing field the idea is
that we want to keep the ankle and the
knee at the same level set a little
image strain to the knee or strain to
the ankle I'm goaltender get perfect
coverage along the ice but also perfect
protection and perfect comfort
some of the other unique features within
the Supreme family are the customization
features in this case here the supreme
pad incorporates adjustable straps we
have different positionings to allow the
goaltender to adjust where he wants the
flexibility of the pad to be if you
wants a pad to be extremely straight can
move his straps to the lower portion to
keep that top of the patch straight in
my case where I want the PI to be
flexible I'll keep the straps very high
which will add extra flexibility to the
top of the pad and allow that pad to
curl in the adjustable straps will go
from the top straight down to the bottom
including in the skate level as well
another unique feature within the pro
1/100 supreme pad is our regulated flex
technology a regulated flex technology
gives the goaltender the option to
choose what type of flex he wants is on
the pet in this case here you'll notice
the three yellow dots indicate that it's
a soft construction which means we'll
have one break below the knee want the
center of the knee and one just above
the knee providing a pad that's very
flexible it gives good 5 volt coverage
goalie has a choice of choosing a medium
break which may be just a break below
the knee or a break above the knee or
may - the stiff construction where
there's no breaks in - at all in this
case here the indicator dots on each
side will indicate where the brakes are
another unique feature of the supreme
goal pad is the inside knee lock that's
adjustable you'll notice on all supreme
pads we have an adjustable knee
construction what this allows the
goaltender to do is to adjust the
positioning of the knee inside the pad
player can easily remove the velcro
lining of the pad can adjust it from
left to right or up and down this is a
great feature for Bolton or sold out and
to get the exact position that they want
the perfect coverage of their knee and
the protection that they need it's also
a great feature for young growing
goalies goaltender can lower the knee
and as he starts to grow into the
position of the pad adjust the
positioning of the knee to get again the
perfect coverage for the protection that
they need so if you're a butterfly
goalie looking to maximize your coverage
the butterfly position supreme pads for
you
[Music]